h2. Install Prerequisites

It is best to install separate packages.i'm don't use 
-@yaourt -S lightdm-webkit-theme-antergos@- command 
line because it never worked of me.

* lightdm (required)
**  yaourt -S lightdm
* lightdm-webkit2-greeter (required)
** yaourt -S lightdm-webkit2-greeter
* antergos-wallpapers (used for the background 
switcher - optional)
** yaourt -S antergos-wallpapers

Enable @ligthdm-webkit2-greeter@ by editing 
@/etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf@ and setting 
@greeter-session@ property to 
@lightdm-webkit2-greeter@ :

bc. 
[SeatDefaults]
#greeter-session=lightdm-gtk-greeter
greeter-session=lightdm-webkit2-greeter
user-session=your-session (gnome,cinnamon,xfce...)

look at my file lightdm.conf

h2. Installation

Antergos users should have it installed by default. It 
can be reinstalled if needed using pacman.
Arch users can install using their favorite AUR pacman 
wrapper.
Others can install manually:

# Download "Antergos 
Theme":https://github.com/Antergos/lightdm-webkit-theme-antergos/zipball/master
# Unzip it.
# This should create a folder named like 
@Antergos-lightdm-webkit-theme-antergos-xxxxxx@
# Rename this folder to @antergos@ (so that the 
complete path becomes 
@/usr/share/lightdm-webkit/themes/antergos@)
# Edit the resource 
@/etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit2-greeter.conf@ and set 
@webkit-theme@ property to @antergos@ :

bc. 
theme-name=Adwaita
#webkit-theme=default
webkit-theme=antergos
#font-name='Lato'
font-name=DejaVuSans 11
xft-antialias=true
xft-dpi=96
xft-hintstyle=medium
xft-rgba=rgb

look at my file lightdm-webkit2-greeter.conf

Reboot!

that's all.
#link antergos wallpaper http://antergos.org/antergos-wallpapers-0.6.zip
Paste in /usr/share/antergos/wallpapers/
